Template: ez-ipupdate/manage_default_config_automatically
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Should ez-ipupdate manage your default configuration automatically?
 ez-ipupdate can manage your default configuration automatically using debconf.
 If you do not want your default configuration managed automatically, hit "no"
 here.
 .
 Note that you can put as many additional configurations in /etc/ez-ipupdate/
 as you like. ez-ipupdate will not modify them.

Template: ez-ipupdate/daemon
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Should the default ez-ipupdate configuration run as a daemon?
 By default ez-ipupdate will run as a daemon to manage the configuration. Say
 No if you do not want this. Instead, ez-ipupdate will install a script in
 /etc/ppp/ip-up.d that will run all non-daemon configurations when the ppp
 interface is brought up. See the /usr/share/doc/ez-ipupdate/README.Debian
 file for more information.
 .
 If none of these automated behaviors suit you, you should probably not
 manage your default configuration using debconf.

Template: ez-ipupdate/service_type
Type: select
Choices: ez-ip, pgpow, dhs, dyndns, dyndns-static, dyndns-custom, ods, tzo, easydns, easydns-partner, gnudip, justlinux, dyns, hn, zoneedit, heipv6tb
Description: Which Dynamic DNS provider do you wish to use?
 There are many Dynamic DNS providers supported by ez-ipupdate. You must
 select the provider that you wish to use here. You must configure an
 account on your chosen provider's service yourself.

Template: ez-ipupdate/server
Type: string
Description: What is the address for your Dynamic DNS server?
 The service type you selected requires a server address to connect to. You
 may specify either a full hostname or an IP address.

Template: ez-ipupdate/username
Type: string
Description: What is the username for your Dynamic DNS account?

Template: ez-ipupdate/password
Type: password
Description: What password is used to log in to your Dynamic DNS account?

Template: ez-ipupdate/interface
Type: string
Description: Which network interface should ez-ipupdate monitor?
 ez-ipupdate will monitor the chosen network interface for changes of IP
 address. It is not possible to automatically detect which interface should
 be monitored, so you must name the interface here.

Template: ez-ipupdate/hostname
Type: string
Description: What Dynamic DNS hostname should ez-ipupdate keep updated?

Template: ez-ipupdate/dns_wildcard
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Should DNS wildcards be enabled for your Dynamic DNS hostname?
 Many Dynamic DNS providers are capable of supporting "wildcard" DNS lookups.
 This means that for yourdomain, a lookup for anything.yourdomain will
 return an answer that points to yourdomain. If you wish this feature to be
 enabled, say "yes" here.

Template: ez-ipupdate/dns_mx
Type: string
Default:
Description: What MX record should be added?
 Many Dynamic DNS providers are capable of supporting MX records. If you want
 an MX record enabled for your domain, specify the content of that MX record
 here. If you do not want an MX record, leave it blank.
 .
 For further information on MX records, what they do, and how they are used,
 see your Dynamic DNS provider.

